Add docs for Postgres standalone setup (#8343)
immich-app/immich: docs/docs/administration/postgres-standalone.md

> # Preparing up a standalone Postgres server

Reviewer: It'd be helpful to have an intro here explaining what this page is about.

> # Preparing up a standalone Postgres server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Preparing a pre-existing Postgres server
```
I think "pre-existing" is more descriptive here. It's unclear what "standalone" means without more context.

## Specifying the connection URL

> While not the officially recommended method, it is possible to run Immich using an already-existing Postgres server by specifying `DB_URL` in the `.env` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While not officially recommended, it is possible to run Immich using a pre-existing Postgres server by specifying `DB_URL` in the `.env` file.
```

:::note
By default, Immich expects superuser permission on the Postgres database.
:::

:::tip
This method is recommended for users that have some baseline level of familiarity with Postgres and the Linux command line. If you do not have these, we recommend using the default setup with a separate Postgres container.

> :::

Reviewer: These can probably go in the intro.

Reviewer: It would also be clearer to replace "separate" with "dedicated" here.

### .env setup

```
DB_URL='postgresql://immichdbusername:immichdbpassword@postgreshost:postgresport/immichdatabasename'

# require a SSL connection to Postgres
# DB_URL='postgresql://immichdbusername:immichdbpassword@postgreshost:postgresport/immichdatabasename?sslmode=require'

# require a SSL connection, but don't enforce checking the certificate name
# DB_URL='postgresql://immichdbusername:immichdbpassword@postgreshost:postgresport/immichdatabasename?sslmode=require&sslmode=no-verify'
```

> ## Standalone Postgres without superuser permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Without superuser permissions
```

> Immich can run with a standalone Postgres server, without superuser permissions, by following the below instructions at the `psql` prompt to prepare the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Immich can run without superuser permissions by following the below instructions at the `psql` prompt to prepare the database.
```

:::tip
Before running these commands, you will need to install the version of vecto.rs as currently used by Immich to your system. You will also need to add `shared_preload_libraries = 'vectors.so'` to your `postgresql.conf`

> :::

Reviewer: This can be a "prerequisites" section instead since it's required.

Reviewer: Also, it should be noted that if they already have an entry for `shared_preload_libraries`, they can add `vectors.so` to it, comma-separated without spaces.

Reviewer: It would also be helpful to link to their [installation instructions](https://docs.pgvecto.rs/getting-started/installation.html) here.

> ```sql title="Setup Postgres for Immich"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sql title="Set up Postgres for Immich"
```
